1. Allowed uses
You may use the licensed fonts to create images on any surface such as computer screens, paper, web pages, photographs, movie credits, printed material, T-shirts, and other surfaces where the image is a fixed size.
You may use the licensed fonts to create EPS files or other scalable drawings provided that such files are only used by the household or company licensing the font.

2. Number of users
The maximum number of simultaneous users is specified in the applicable receipt. All users must belong to the same company or household purchasing the font.

3. Third parties
You may provide the font to a graphic designer, printer or other service bureau that is working on your behalf only if they agree to use the font exclusively for your work, agree to the terms of this license, and retain no copies of the font on completion of the work. You may not provide the font or make it accessible to any other third parties.

4. Embedding

4.a. Electronic Document Embedding 
You may embed the licensed fonts into any document you send to third parties. Such documents may be viewed and printed (but not edited) by the recipients.

4b. Web Embedding 
You may embed the licensed fonts into a web site via the following mechanisms:

4.b.I. Dynamic text in Flash 
No additional license is required. Security: you must take care of the highest level of protection of the embedded fonts.

4.b.II. Embedded using sIFR (Scalable Inman Flash Replacement) 
No additional license is required. Security: you must take care of the highest level of protection of the embedded fonts.

4.b.III. Cufon 
No additional license is required. Security: you MUST restrict usage (via the Security setting) to one SINGLE domain. You may not reduce the Units Per Em (UPM) quality of the fonts generated by Cufon below 360 UPM.

4.b.IV. Direct Linking or Embedded Opentype Files with 
the @font-face CSS property (ONLY for FREE fonts)
If the font is a free font ($0.00 license fee), you may use this font for Font-Face embedding, but only if you put a link to www.exljbris.nl on your page and/or put this notice /* A font by Jos Buivenga (exljbris) -> www.exljbris.com */ in your CSS file as near as possible to the piece of code that declares the Font-Face embedding of this font.

4.c. Hardware and Software Embedding 
You may not under any circumstances embed the licensed fonts into software or hardware products in which the fonts will be used by the purchasers of such products. Such use requires a different license. Please contact exljbris Font Foundry for further information.

5. Modifications
You may import characters from the font as graphical objects into a drawing program and modify such graphical objects. You may not modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works based on the licensed font itself without Foundry’s prior written consent.

6. Copyright
The font and the accompanying materials are copyrighted and contain proprietary information and trade secrets belonging to the foundry owning the font. Unauthorized copying of the Product even if modified, merged, or included with other software, or of the written materials, is expressly forbidden. You may be held legally responsible for any infringement of the foundry’s intellectual property rights that is caused or encouraged by your failure to abide by the terms of this Agreement.